Jeos vm #8027 ke (#542)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/installation/pages/install-vm.adoc

Select a strong password and then in the next message box btn:[Confirm root Password].
====

[[jeos.susemgr.prep]]
== Preparing JeOS for {productname}

[[proc.jeos.susemgr.prep]]
.Procedure: Preparing JeOS for {productname} Installation

. Log in as `root`.

// 4.0 workaround
. Uninstall the `sles-release` package:
+

----
rpm -e --nodeps sles-release
----

. Register {productname} with SCC:
+

----
SUSEConnect -e<EMAIL_ADDRESS> -r<SUSE_MANAGER_CODE> \

>   -p SUSE-Manager-Server/<productnumber>/x86_64

Reviewer: Server is available for 3 architectures.
When we work here with place holder we should do it also for the arch.

Author: ok, fair req

----

. Add {productname} repositories:
+

----
SUSEConnect -p sle-module-basesystem/15.1/x86_64
SUSEConnect -p sle-module-python2/15.1/x86_64
SUSEConnect -p sle-module-server-applications/15.1/x86_64
SUSEConnect -p sle-module-web-scripting/15.1/x86_64
SUSEConnect -p sle-module-suse-manager-server/<productnumber>/x86_64
----
+

> TIP: JeOS is configured to install only Required packages. To get all

Reviewer 2: Either remove the initcap, or mark up "required"

Reviewer 2: Also needs a newline for the new sentence.

Author: ok, prepare to push

| VirtIO Disk 4        | [path]``swap``           | 4{nbsp}GB    | swap
|===

> . Exit the partitioner and install the {productname} pattern (approx. 730 packages, 1.4 GB when installed):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Exit the partitioner and install the {productname} pattern (approximately 730 packages, consuming 1.4 GB when installed):
```
